Sister is acting again
Hey, I said it's a damn pity you're not an actor
Ke Xin
Because the department pharmaceutical industry involves a large number of gray industries
You are now officially notified.
All your assets are frozen
Impossible, this piece of Ke Shao is real
Then our money
That's all my savings.
Ke Shao, you must have a way, right?
You must have a way
I have something else to do
I'm leaving first
handshake handshake
Shake hands oh my god
Did you get the news from the city leader?
Why don't you just say it?
I just said it bluntly.
When are you still acting?
You have to say earlier that you got the news from the first house in the city
How could we not listen?
Is it intentional?
Summer Worm Speechless Soldier
Whatever you want.